{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red25\green25\blue25;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Sample Understanding Portfolio Documentation File\
\
A new file should be created for each week that you submit an Understanding Portfolio.  The purpose of this file is to direct me exactly where I should go to find evidence of your Fluency by topic.  Let me know what level you are trying to achieve.  Sometimes you may be sharing research and teaching, in other cases, it is code.  When you are sharing code, let me know if you are integrating with any other of your technologies.\
\
\
\
Understanding Portfolio \'97 June 15, 2015\
\
\
MVC\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This is the topic I have spent the most time trying to learn. I have really tried to master one topic at a time instead of skipping around and only understand the kindergarten level of it. One of the things that really started to make sense was this last week while I was working on a program for a calculator in MVC it finally clicked that the model and the view don\'92t know that the other exists and that is why we have the controller. It works like a TV remote, when you push the volume it controls the model and when you click the channel button is controls the view. I think that this really started to make sense too because one can be used for just the computations and the logic and one is mostly used for just the GUI interface you are trying to do.\'a0\
\
Please find look for the model in this file.\'a0\'a0\
\'a0Code:\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/tuckettt/MVC"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 https://github.com/tuckettt/MVC}}\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/tuckettt/CalculatorMVC-Demo"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 https://github.com/tuckettt/CalculatorMVC-Demo}}\
\'a0\
I also taught this topic to my team.\'a0 You can find it in our community at B-W15-CIT 360.\'a0 It was posted on 01/29/2015.\'a0 My teaching starts at 13:11 minutes.\'a0\
\'a0\
I taught this again here:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://plus.google.com/u/0/communities/1038278547410936948"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 https://plus.google.com/u/0/communities/1038278547410936948}}, my teaching starts at 35:05
\f0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
JUnit\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs32 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This last week I worked on providing evidence of my understanding of Junit Testing and System Testing. \'a0Here is where you can find evidence of my fluency.\
\'a0\
Team Meeting Link:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNn_XDoZ8"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNn_XDoZ8}}\
\
My Junit Testing teaching\'a0started at about\'a0the 8\'a0minute mark from\'a0the beginning of the video and\'a0lasted for approximately \'a014\'a0minutes.\
\'a0\
Here is a link to my coding (git and subsequent Folders & Files) for the code.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/tucketttCIT360-Portfolio.git"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 https://github.com/tuckettt/CIT360-Portfolio.git}}\
\'a0\
CIT360-Portfolio/src/MyPortTest/MyPortTest.java\
CIT360-Portfolio/test/MyPortTest/MyPortTestTest.java
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
Java Collections\
I have been able to implement each of the java collection classes using a DVD Collection example.   I am now working to integrate this technology with my MVC application.  Should have that completed next week.\
\
Please find my code as follows:\
\
Tree\
/myrepository/collections/DVDCollection/TreeImpl.java\
\
\
UML Class Diagram\
I was able to use a Class Diagram as a part of the design of my DVD Collection application.  The diagram helped me to identify the necessary classes and interfaces.  You can see my diagrams at this location:\
\
/myrepository/uml/classdiagrams/dvdcollection.vls}